"made2automate internship task"
________________________________


Task: Make a fullstack web application with following features:-

      A.) Front-End ->
 
          1. Responsive with low mount time.
          2. Make Home page with different data such as Total Orders, New Stocks, Dead Stocks, Total Leads, Total Revenue.
          3. Add a form that lets admin to add product with title, description, price, manufacturer, quantity, image url.
          4. Make a page that shows details of added product, a barcode generated by the id of the product.
          5. Show options to list the product on shopify.

      B.) Back-End ->
          
          1. Make a database and let admin add data to it using forms.
          2. Make a backend server which lets admin add data to shopify store.
          3. Generate Barcode with product details.
          4. Add options to save or print the barcode.


Approach:


        1. For front end, splitted the ui into smaller modules for reusability.
        2. Made use react-router-dom for smooth navigation across the website.
        3. Made use of Tailwind css for faster development and used daisyUI for responsive components.
        4. Made a server that runs on local machine and lets admin add products on database and shopify store.
        5. Used cors, express, axios, dotenv, react-router-dom, react-barcode-builder.



Difficulties:
   
  
        1. Faced difficulties in resucing the size of generated barcode so insted of showing full url, it only shows the product id which can be used later to access the details from the databse.
        2. Unclear shopify documentation, so took help from youtube and chatgpt, stackoverflow.
        3. Hosting a express server on vercel is not recommended by vercel so preferred the local server.
        4. Connecting backend and frontend.
        5. Faced errors related to cors, reffered to stackoverflow.

Sources:
        ChatGPT, Youtube- Fayyaz Ahmed, Hitesh Chaudhary(chai aur code), Stackoverflow


Links:
        Website: 
               live: https://product-manager-one.vercel.app/
               github repository: https://github.com/Dhruvanand24/ProductManager
 
        backend:
               github repository: https://github.com/Dhruvanand24/ProductServer
        
        Shopify Store:
               live: https://made2automate.myshopify.com/
               password: 123456
        
        Video Showcase:
               link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/17lkz2nGrrEMfDXOSDG2qojrcViwtDPmX/view?usp=drive_link
               
Instuctions:
        To run server: copy the repository and on the terminal,
        npm i
        node index.js

        To run frontend: copy the repository and on the terminal,
        npm i
        npm run dev

        To access shopify store:
        password: 123456
